SURFACE CONCEPT SEED (key: 7b8d7b65; mode: experience; source: api; approved pool: c3b204a1eed6; 306/564 human-approved; rerun with --scope surface --mode experience --from 7b8d7b65 --candidate-count 7 to reproduce this roll against this catalog revision)
DEALT INDICES: 4, 1, 7 (index 4 leads)
  After ordering the task's grounded structural candidates by resonance,
  deal candidates 4, 1, 7 of your own grounded list to the
  table; index 4 leads, and the deal never points at a challenger.
  The deal is the roll, not a suggestion: the dice decide which structures
  reach the user, so the ranking rut stays broken while the user still gets a
  real choice, and the full ranked list stays yours. In an attended run,
  present the three dealt structures as full cards of equal salience, the
  lead carrying kicker THE ROLL, with steer and re-roll, and let the user
  lock one in; the world is already settled, so this choice is composition.
  Visualize every dealt card: with image generation available and a
  comp-led default (.impeccable/config.json buildPath; the page toggle
  handles the exception), declare a comp per card and generate after
  serving, lead first; otherwise author each card's wireframe field (see
  serve-question --schema) and the page draws the schematic. Carry the
  recorded default in the payload as buildPath with toggle: true. Locking a card
  approves its comp: a surface round that put three visualized structures on
  the table replaces the three-option comp round in visualize.md. Re-roll
  yourself only when every dealt structure fails audience identification or
  product clarity on named factual grounds.
  The assignment exists to refuse the model's ranking rut, never to outrank
  the user or the brief. Never expose assignment metadata in user-facing labels.
CHALLENGERS:
  1. a seamless cyclorama passing from black night through cobalt and rose into white day, where light alone creates an infinite horizon behind the actors
     SOURCE ID: stagecraft-theater-lighting-cyclorama-dawn
     CREATIVE SPARK: The curved wall begins as depthless black; a low cobalt band appears, rose gathers above it, and the actors acquire shadows before the stage becomes day.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: depthless cyc black as ground, a low cobalt horizon band as structure, rose gathering above it, white-day wash reserved for the fully active state
       - Type/composition: lighting-plot stencil caps for cue names with tabular numerals, content held in horizontal horizon bands stacked from dark to light
       - Topology/navigation: Organize atmosphere by horizon band, time phase, subject relation, and transition interval.
       - Controls/state: Raise, blend, hold, and compare with night, first light, dawn, day, and blackout states.
       - Responsive/motion: Offer discrete atmospheric phases with labels and patterns so color is never the sole signal.
     WEB LEVERAGE: A scrubbable cue timeline binds horizon bands to actor and scene state, making each light transition inspectable while named cue states remain deep-linkable and text-equivalent.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/stagecraft-theater-lighting-cyclorama-dawn.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/stagecraft-theater-lighting-cyclorama-dawn-hero.webp
  2. an alien forest understory at nightfall, where luminescent spore canopies, breathing ground-veins, and slow light rain make botany feel newly invented
     SOURCE ID: dream-surreal-impossible-worlds-luminescent-alien-understory
     CREATIVE SPARK: The path lights itself two steps ahead: spores drift up like inverted rain and the roots pulse softly with something like attention.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: near-black loam as ground, spore glow in cyan and lilac, root veins pulsing pale green, the brightest white bloom reserved for the focused element
       - Type/composition: thin phosphor sans that brightens on approach, labels blooming beside their growths, no fixed grid, composition following the vein network's branching
       - Topology/navigation: paths reveal by proximity glow; destinations announce themselves as distant pulses.
       - Controls/state: touching a growth wakes it; attention, dormancy, and bloom are luminance states with afterglow.
       - Responsive/motion: glow trails shorten on phones; pulses slow to still gradients under
     WEB LEVERAGE: Pointer-proximity light fields and additive canvas glow make attention itself the illumination model.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/dream-surreal-impossible-worlds-luminescent-alien-understory.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/dream-surreal-impossible-worlds-luminescent-alien-understory-hero.webp
  3. an advertising wall calendar from a printing house, a painted figure filling the upper sheet and a tear-off date pad below carrying the merchant's name in gold-line lettering
     SOURCE ID: vernacular-ephemera-calendar-pinup-pad
     CREATIVE SPARK: the top half is a painting somebody was paid real money for, the bottom half is twelve months of thin paper, and across the middle in gold script is the name of a hardware store that closed in 1968.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: warm painted flesh and saturated satin reds over a cream board, with a thin gold rule separating plate from pad
       - Type/composition: a script merchant line under the plate, a month name in condensed caps, and the date grid set small and even beneath it
       - Topology/navigation: time is the only axis, and moving forward tears a leaf away to expose the next month against the same painted plate
       - Controls/state: controls are date cells, today takes a printed ring, past dates gray toward the board, and the pad thins as months go
       - Responsive/motion: the plate crops to a square on narrow frames while the pad stays legible, and motion is a single leaf tearing free
     WEB LEVERAGE: a date grid bound to live state, css transforms tearing the top leaf away, and responsive cropping of the painted plate
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/vernacular-ephemera-calendar-pinup-pad.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/vernacular-ephemera-calendar-pinup-pad-hero.webp
  4. a white gallery hung with black-and-white wave canvases, flat paint that flexes and strobes as visitors change their viewing distance
     SOURCE ID: design-canon-riley-moire-gallery
     CREATIVE SPARK: The paintings hold perfectly still and yet the floor seems to tip, black lines swelling like a sea you can hear somewhere behind your own eyes.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: flat matte black and gallery white only, no mixed grays, contrast generated optically by line frequency, the tightest interval acting as the accent
       - Type/composition: a sparse neutral grotesk held clear of the waves in white margins, one caption per canvas, the composition itself a ruled monochrome field
       - Topology/navigation: the room is a sequence of vantage distances; each canvas holds a near, mid, and far reading and rewards deliberate approach
       - Controls/state: state rides the pattern itself; line frequency tightens toward points that want attention and relaxes wherever nothing is asked
       - Responsive/motion: wave frequency recalculates against device pixel density so the shimmer survives every screen
     WEB LEVERAGE: SVG patterns modulated by scroll position and IntersectionObserver let a flat page flex as if the retina were being played
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/design-canon-riley-moire-gallery.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/design-canon-riley-moire-gallery-hero.webp
  5. an interactive type specimen, where dragging an axis slider morphs a whole grid of glyphs in real time
     SOURCE ID: variable-font-specimen
     CREATIVE SPARK: A single giant letter fills the screen. You drag the weight slider and it thickens from hairline to black under your finger, live. Below, a grid of every glyph breathes in step, and a monospace readout counts the axis values.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: Near-white paper and ink black with one foundry accent; flat surfaces, generous negative space, no ornament so the letterforms carry everything.
       - Type/composition: The specimen face at enormous display size against tiny monospace UI labels; a strict measure and baseline grid; hierarchy by scale contrast alone.
       - Topology/navigation: Move by axis slider, by glyph cell, and by size and specimen view.
       - Controls/state: Drag, type, and pin; moving an axis remaps every glyph on the page continuously and updates the live coordinate readout.
       - Responsive/motion: reduced-motion snaps between named instances instead of animating the interpolation.
     WEB LEVERAGE: Bind range inputs to CSS font-variation-settings through a custom property, so one slider drives font-variation across the entire glyph grid with no per-glyph JavaScript.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/variable-font-specimen.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/variable-font-specimen-hero.webp
  6. the seven-segment display family, bedside clocks, gas-station price totems, scoreboards, and microwave panels all speaking one eight-cell mask where unlit segments are designed too
     SOURCE ID: signals-instruments-seven-segment-alarm-clock
     CREATIVE SPARK: At 3am the bedroom hour hangs as four red digits; by noon the same alphabet quotes gasoline at two meters tall, and at the stadium the score slams from 98 to 100 with nothing sliding, segments simply dying and igniting.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: lit segments in LED red, amber, or scoreboard green on matte near-black ground, unlit segments held as faint ghost cells; red glow owns the night register
       - Type/composition: one eight-cell mask makes every glyph, digits ranked in fixed slots with the colon or decimal as its own cell; absence is drawn as deliberately as light
       - Topology/navigation: the layout is a rigid mask of cells, from four bedside digits to a price totem's stack; place never moves, only which segments light
       - Controls/state: modes cycle by held buttons, set digits blink while everything else holds; the flashing 12:00 of an unset clock is the canonical error state
       - Responsive/motion: cells scale as whole units and never reflow mid-glyph; every change is an instant segment swap
     WEB LEVERAGE: CSS grid and clip-path build a true segment mask with ghost cells, and a shared worker keeps blink phase synchronized across every open tab
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/signals-instruments-seven-segment-alarm-clock.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/signals-instruments-seven-segment-alarm-clock-hero.webp
A challenger wins only when its fused result beats the grounded list on
  audience identification and product clarity. It may change task topology or
  interaction, but never the committed visual identity.
When you can view images, open the QUALITY BAR board and hero for any
challenger you weigh seriously and for the world you build. They exist as a
craft bar, the finish level and commitment the build is expected to reach,
never as a mockup to copy; your surface serves this product, not that render.
PRODUCT.md and DESIGN.md constrain every surface candidate's identity
vocabulary; they do not cancel task-level composition. The seed never
authorizes a new palette, type system, material world, or unfamiliar control
behavior.
The CREATIVE SPARK is a complete visual system, not a theme or decorative
reference. Translate every supplied system rule into the product: palette and
material, type and composition, topology, controls and states, and adaptation.
Keep the source's visible character, scale, rhythm, and interaction instead of
reducing vivid grammar to generic nouns. When the source is already a credible
interface language, commit to it across navigation, content, controls, and
states. Otherwise keep a literal carrier only when it becomes functional.
Ambitious motion, spatial media, or interaction is welcome when it strengthens
the product without weakening semantics, performance, or fallback behavior.
TELEMETRY: after the user's choice resolves, rerun this script once with
  --kind <assigned|pick|challenger|canon> --from 7b8d7b65 --scope surface --mode experience,
  adding --chosen <challenger-id> when a dealt challenger won and keeping
  --register <safer|bolder> when the resolved round came from a steered hand.
  One ping per resolved attended round. The ping is anonymous, the card kind
  plus the catalog id when one won; your grounded candidates' names never
  leave the machine, and the ping is skipped automatically when DO_NOT_TRACK
  or IMPECCABLE_NO_TELEMETRY is set.
A user- or brief-pinned decision beats the roll, always.
DEALT INDICES (restated for truncated readers): 4, 1, 7; index
4 leads. Present all three dealt structures; seed key 7b8d7b65.
